README.md, before:

### Hedera Stone

Our project has one clear aim; to onboard, to Hedera, just some of the 200 million people who regularly spend their leisure hours researching their family tree. (Actually, we want ALL of them).

How will we do this? In three dimensions. NOBODY else is doing this.

Added to the army of active genealogy researchers worldwide, is the generation that’s been used to gaming their teenage nights in the Metaverse where virtual 3D is their natural environment. A potential whole new generation of untapped HederaStone users, to whom micro payments in crypto is natural.

Wouldn’t everyone rather have a fully immerse virtual journey through their origins, and share that experience with others, rather than simply a framed heraldic print of their family tree on the wall?

We think we know the answer to that!

At the core of this journey lies the capture and dissemination of millions of images. Capture To Earn (CTE) is the principle by which HBARbarians collect and submit images to HederaStone, from their local cemetery, in exchange for front-end HBAR, plus an eternal royalty share. The latter has the potential to become significant when considering that one person, only two or three generations back, could appear in many hundreds of family trees.

Very few cemeteries are well documented. Many records have been lost to war, flood, fire and neglect. Only the headstones are strong enough to have remained. Our mission is to forever preserve those headstones (or other physical memorials) on the Hashgraph, for the benefit of generations to come.

Along the way, the potential for HBAR wallet adoption, in order to pay for, and take custody of, 3D NFTs is eye-watering. To give just a sense of the scale; our local cemetery includes 51,000 graves dating back to 1855. 2D images have already been requested for over 50% of those graves.

Every fresh wallet holder becomes an HBAR user for life.

We anticipate that adoption will be progressive in this way…

Purchase of a single 2D image of the headstone of an ancestor, in the form of an NFT (with all the benefits of provenance that we know that brings).
Purchase of a single 3D image of the gravesite, to be demonstrated to, and shared with, their older family members on a phone.
Projection of that 3D image in AR. (Imagine the delight of grandma being able to “visit” and walk around the overseas grave of her brother, which she has never been able to visit in real life)
Import of that 3D image into a metaverse environment, thus enhancing grandma’s delight and being able to simultaneously share the experience with overseas cousins.
Expansion of the concept by purchasing more 3D NFT images in order to build a fully immersive walk-through family tree.
Viral adoption by other researchers along other branches of the family.
HederaStone is predicated upon 2D and 3D imagery of headstones, minted as an NFT, and paid for in HBAR transactions (often via credit card). Hello Future!

### Stack ###

Next.js, React, PostgresQL (serverless vercel)


This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.js`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/basic-features/font-optimization) to automatically optimize and load Inter, a custom Google Font.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/deployment) for more details.

### Commands to run ###

Run `npm install @vercel/postgres` for vercel

# Install nodemon

Run `npm install --save-dev nodemon`

# Install react bootstrap

Run `npm install react-bootstrap bootstrap`
`npm i bootstrap`

# Install next.js codemod link update

Run `npx @next/codemod new-link`

# Install react-three-fiber for the 3d image

Run `npm install three @react-three/fiber`  &
`npm i @react-three/drei`

Librairies?
Components? M UI, carbon by ibm, 
styling CSS 4 options


-Connect wallet button, does bladewallet comes with a button?
-3d image loading time           PRELOAD IT
-Login feature, use bcrypt?

-Quality of images from figma sucks

Commit message:

footer, still need some work

README.md, after:

### Hedera Stone

Our project has one clear aim; to onboard, to Hedera, just some of the 200 million people who regularly spend their leisure hours researching their family tree. (Actually, we want ALL of them).

How will we do this? In three dimensions. NOBODY else is doing this.

Added to the army of active genealogy researchers worldwide, is the generation that’s been used to gaming their teenage nights in the Metaverse where virtual 3D is their natural environment. A potential whole new generation of untapped HederaStone users, to whom micro payments in crypto is natural.

Wouldn’t everyone rather have a fully immerse virtual journey through their origins, and share that experience with others, rather than simply a framed heraldic print of their family tree on the wall?

We think we know the answer to that!

At the core of this journey lies the capture and dissemination of millions of images. Capture To Earn (CTE) is the principle by which HBARbarians collect and submit images to HederaStone, from their local cemetery, in exchange for front-end HBAR, plus an eternal royalty share. The latter has the potential to become significant when considering that one person, only two or three generations back, could appear in many hundreds of family trees.

Very few cemeteries are well documented. Many records have been lost to war, flood, fire and neglect. Only the headstones are strong enough to have remained. Our mission is to forever preserve those headstones (or other physical memorials) on the Hashgraph, for the benefit of generations to come.

Along the way, the potential for HBAR wallet adoption, in order to pay for, and take custody of, 3D NFTs is eye-watering. To give just a sense of the scale; our local cemetery includes 51,000 graves dating back to 1855. 2D images have already been requested for over 50% of those graves.

Every fresh wallet holder becomes an HBAR user for life.

We anticipate that adoption will be progressive in this way…

Purchase of a single 2D image of the headstone of an ancestor, in the form of an NFT (with all the benefits of provenance that we know that brings).
Purchase of a single 3D image of the gravesite, to be demonstrated to, and shared with, their older family members on a phone.
Projection of that 3D image in AR. (Imagine the delight of grandma being able to “visit” and walk around the overseas grave of her brother, which she has never been able to visit in real life)
Import of that 3D image into a metaverse environment, thus enhancing grandma’s delight and being able to simultaneously share the experience with overseas cousins.
Expansion of the concept by purchasing more 3D NFT images in order to build a fully immersive walk-through family tree.
Viral adoption by other researchers along other branches of the family.
HederaStone is predicated upon 2D and 3D imagery of headstones, minted as an NFT, and paid for in HBAR transactions (often via credit card). Hello Future!

### Stack ###

Next.js, React, PostgresQL (serverless vercel)


This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.js`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/basic-features/font-optimization) to automatically optimize and load Inter, a custom Google Font.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/deployment) for more details.

### Commands to run ###

Run `npm install @vercel/postgres` for vercel

# Install nodemon

Run `npm install --save-dev nodemon`

# Install react bootstrap

Run `npm install react-bootstrap bootstrap`
`npm i bootstrap`

# Install next.js codemod link update

Run `npx @next/codemod new-link`

# Install react-three-fiber for the 3d image

Run `npm install three @react-three/fiber`  &
`npm i @react-three/drei`

Librairies?
Components? M UI, carbon by ibm, 


-3d image loading time           PRELOAD IT
-Login feature, use bcrypt? yes

- add one background image or cut it for the footer and have the rest back
